explain step by step how to convert linked list java code into c code


Struct Definition:
Java: In Java, a nested static class Node is used to define a node with integer data and a reference to the next node.
C: In C, a separate struct Node is defined with an integer data and a pointer to the next node.

Function Declarations:
Java: In Java, member functions like push, deleteNode, and printList are part of the LinkedList class.
C: In C, these functions are declared separately and operate on a pointer to the struct Node, mimicking the behavior of a linked list.

Memory Allocation and Node Creation:
Java: Memory allocation and node creation are done using the new keyword in Java.
C: In C, memory is explicitly allocated using malloc, and node creation involves setting the data and linking it to the existing list.

Freeing Memory:
Java: Java relies on garbage collection, so there's no explicit memory deallocation.
C: In C, the free function is used to release memory explicitly after deleting a node.

Main Function:
Java: The main function creates an instance of the LinkedList class.
C: In C, a struct Node pointer (head) is declared to represent the start of the linked list.

Printing the Linked List:
Java: Printing in Java is done using System.out.print.
C: Printing in C is achieved with printf, and the %d format specifier is used for integers.

Function Calls:
Java: Member functions are called directly on the LinkedList instance (llist.push(7)).
C: Functions in C take the struct Node pointer as an argument, and calls are made accordingly (push(&head, 7)).
In summary, the conversion involves adapting Java's object-oriented structure to C's procedural approach, using separate functions and explicit memory management. Despite the differences in syntax and memory handling, the core logic of a linked list with operations like push, delete, and print remains consistent.

I then asked what pointers are used with struct 
Struct Pointers:
Declaration: struct MyStruct *ptr;
Declaration pointer to pointer **ptr;
Initialization: ptr = &myStructInstance;
Accessing Members: ptr->member = value;